#FIXES
To Do list:
	Test Cases:
		Aztec - check if event 10 works
				

Fixes to be done

	Judea
		
	Events:
	
	Fix rebel flags!!!! #Last resort, spawn each rebel in game and note which flag is used.  Then switch flag files around so the correct picture shows up even if it's the wrong name.  At least the wrong flags have been consistent session to session
	
From the logs: 

#IDEAS
	
Fourth Temple
	#Looks like great projects are not totally mod-able.  WHile you can create new great projects and new events, you still need to be able to access the assets. Additionally, calling the project events seems to be hidden 
	Create decisions to start and cancel
	Create events
	Create Great_project item
	Set ambient object in correct place
	create visual object for temple -- will need help on that
General
	3. Make sure inti, nuhuatl, and maya religions can reform.
	9. Add minor religion rebels (Nestorian, Messalian)
	12. ?Should trade be changed? maybe just st. lawrence heading to cheseapeake, cheseapeake to Caribbean?
	15. Add zealots to events - give things or gold upon dfensive holy war.
Byzantium
	14. Create triggered modifier for owning Constantinople
The Knights 
	1. Change The Knight's ideas from French to Knight ideas
Knights of Calatrava
	1. Create ideas
Lyddid
	1. Create national ideas for Lyddid's
	3. Change tech group from Muslim to Ottoman
Judea
	3. Create triggered modifier "Fuck Europe" for aggressor in war against country with capital in europe, +unrest, -Manpower recovery, -Morale
Aztec
	1. Add cores on rest of Scandinavia
		
The Laws 
	#NA = Not applicable, no ingame effect 
	#MOD = put something into place in the mod to "enforce"/suggest compliance with law, but don't make too harsh to prevent railroading - change later to type of effect used, and comment out rest of line
	#DECISION = created as Decision
	#EVENT = created as Event or modqwified in way to use existing event system
	NA #The Flow of Time - No savescumming (as is)
	NA #Story Telling - Interesting story over optimised play
	MOD Honoring your ancestors - rename something - Can do with province_names/Judea.txt
	DECISION #The Black merchants - CRI be merchant_republic
	MOD #Insertname Delenda Est - Added special recover cores CB for Judea only - decreased AE and cost for defender, increased prestige, prevented white peace
	MOD Holy Holy Holy - Taking a holy place prioritized - triggered modifier for religious sites occupied
	NA #In Due Time - king/khan long dead, ignoring
	MOD Family Business - royal marriages with all vassals must be maintained? triggered modifier? #Honored in national ideas
	DECISION #Frontier Khaganate - vassals in Perm, Volga Bulgaria, Cumania & Turkestan
	EVENT #All roads lead to home - new conquests must have land connection to capital - colonial regions make that more meaningful
	MOD/IDEA #I vote neigh - create new tech group with 100% cavalry allowed. cavalry should be at least 80% of all military.
	MOD Prison industrial complex - No releasing of nations?
	MOD Bastards and gays be gone - only strong claims allowed, create event for weak claims that kills them
	MOD dreidel dreidel dreidel - rulers enjoy the little things - create events for this
	MOD Council of Lords - All council members must hold a title equivalent to Duke or above.
	IDEA #gold decides war - declare with more than 1000 in bank, under 500 you must surrender. event for this / triggered modifier
	MOD #While the enemies of hte empire draw breath there can be no peace #Any nation that takes a province must be destroyed - hidden even that gives historical enemy modifier to country, create CB that can target historical enemy
	MOD/IDEA #Jerusalem is center of hte world - Jerusalem capital, all construction projects must be completed asap - prevent capital from being changed
	MOD Fuck Europe - all threats come from not europe, wars of expansion directed to Asia and Africa - if not crusade target, look at something like unlawful terretory from HRE?
	IDEA #Wider and wider still - Realm yo bequeath must be larger than realm you inherit - triggered modifier on unowned cores?
	EVENT Know the battlefield - future leaders must be generals#Create event that will set ruler as general.  Event with negative tradition makes female ruler?
	5 Is right in - To prevent power becoming too centralised, there must be EXACTLY five Vassals under the Empire's benevelont rulership. Rulers may have a different number for at most ONE year or resign in shame and disgrace.
	Suffer not their ways! - All cultures save Khazar, Askhenazi, Greek and Alan must be assimilated before diplomacy points can be spent on anything except treaties, even in emergencies. Rulers must always choose to receive diplomacy points from events if there is anyone left to assimilate. Of course, any non-Jews must also be immediately converted to Judaism to bring more fuel in for the fire. If knowing how to mod, the ruler most also make the primary culture of Judea/the nation he is playing Khazar, Alan or Ashkenazi. 
